SAP EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENTIMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: This SAP Evaluation License Agreement ("Evaluation License") is a legal agreement between You (either an individual or a single entity) and the SAP legal entity in the country located in ("SAP") for the SAP software product(s) provided hereunder,  including (a) computer software, such as (i) software that is installed and provides services on a computer acting as a server ("Server Software", and the computer running the Server Software shall be referred to as the "Server"), (ii) software that allows an electronic device ("Device") to access or utilize the services or functionality provided by the Server Software ("Client Software"); and/or (iii) "Tools" which may and/or can only, be used in conjunction with additional software and may (b) include associated SAP content or other material ("Software Product"). BY USING OR INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS EVALUATION LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS EVALUATION LICENSE, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY, OR USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT. The Software Product is owned by SAP or its suppliers and is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. 1. GRANT OF LICENSEProvided that you comply with all terms and conditions of this Evaluation License, SAP grants to You a non-exclusive, individual, non-distributable non-perpetual license free of charge to use the Software Product solely for purposes of testing and evaluation for the limited period specified below. Unless explicitly mentioned otherwise herein, You shall only install and use one copy of the Software Product (or any component thereof) on the same computer or same Device used by You or (for entities) within your organization and only for the purposes specified in this Evaluation License. YOUR RIGHT TO USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT SHALL BE EFFECTIVE FROM THE DATE YOU FIRST INSTALL ANY PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT ON ANY DEVICE FOR SO LONG AS YOU HAVE A LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR SAP STANDARD SOFTWARE IN PLACE. YOU AGREE TO DESTROY ALL COPIES OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT EITHER (i) AT THE END OF YOUR USAGE OF THE PROGRAMS FOR THE ABOVE USES OR (ii) AT THE END OF THE EVALUATION PERIOD AS SPECIFIED ABOVE. If you desire to use the Software Product after your evaluation is completed, you will need to acquire a validly licensed copy of the non-evaluation version of the Software Product. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is "NOT FOR PRODUCTION USE". You may not demonstrate, test, examine, evaluate or otherwise use the Software Product in a live operating environment or with data that has not been sufficiently backed up. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by SAP. Software Products used for other than the approved usage will be considered a breach of this Evaluation License. In case this CD-ROM contains Server Software, in particular the following provisions shall apply: (a) You may install only once and use the Server Software on each computer used by you or (for entities) each computer within your organization. The Software Product may contain several copies of the Server Software, each of which is compatible with a different microprocessor architecture. You are only authorized to use the copy of the Server Software that is appropriate for your Server. (b) Solely for purposes of your use of the Software Product as authorized under this Evaluation License, you may permit three (3) authorized Devices to access or otherwise utilize the services or functionality of the Server Software. 2. ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS.You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software Product, except to the extent such foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation. You may not rent, lease, lend, or transfer the Software Product. You may not disclose the results of any benchmark test of either the Server Software or Client Software to any third party without SAP's prior written approval. 4. FEEDBACK"Feedback" for purposes of this Evaluation License means any information and materials provided by You, following the licensing of Software under this Evaluation License and which relates directly to the design, functions and performance of SAP Software and/or other SAP products. Regarding Feedback provided by You to SAP under this Evaluation License in the course of evaluating the Software Product, SAP shall be granted a worldwide, exclusive, fully paid up royalty free, perpetual and irrevocable copyright license, including, but not limited to the right to copy, modify, transfer, distribute, sublicense and/or prepare derivative works. As far as those rights directly accrue to an employee of You, i.e. copyright, patent rights, You shall ensure through appropriate undertakings with these employees involved any transfer of rights under this Agreement. 5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.All ownership, title and intellectual property rights in and to the Software Product (including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text and "applets" incorporated into the Software Product), and any copies you are permitted to make herein are owned by SAP or its suppliers. All ownership, title and intellectual property rights in and to the content which may be accessed through use of the Software Product is the property of the respective content owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties.  This Evaluation License grants you no rights to use such content. For each copy of the Software Product you are authorized to use above, and only to the extent required by law, you may also reproduce one additional copy of the Software Product solely for archival or restoration purposes. 6. AUDITING AND REPORTINGSAP may audit your usage and number of each Software Product you copy. Upon SAP's request, You agree to provide all information reasonably necessary for SAP to determine Your use of the Software Program and Your compliance with the terms and conditions of this Evaluation License. 7. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.All Software Product provided to the U.S. Government pursuant to solicitations issued on or after December 1, 1995 is provided with the commercial rights and restrictions described elsewhere herein. All Software Product provided to the U.S. Government pursuant to solicitations issued prior to December 1, 1995 is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS as provided for in FAR, 48 CFR 52.227-14 (JUNE 1987) or FAR, 48 CFR 252.227-7013 (OCT 1988), as applicable. 8. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.You agree to comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to the Software Product, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, as well as end-user, end-use and destination restrictions issued by U.S. and other governments. 9. APPLICABLE LAW.The sole place of jurisdiction for all differences arising out of this contract shall be Karlsruhe, Germany, if Customer is a business person, a body corporate, or special fund under public law. German law without UN sales laws shall apply exclusively. 10. LIMITATION ON WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES 10.1	As the Software and the SAP Materials are provided to You free of charge, SAP does not guarantee or warrant any features or qualities of Software and the SAP Materials or give any undertaking with regard to any other quality. No such warranty or undertaking shall be implied by You from any description in the SAP Materials or any other communication or advertisement for Software except to the extent that SAP has expressly confirmed that other quality in writing. 10.2	SAP shall be liable for damages irrespective of legal cause, including tort, only if they (i) have to be compensated for under the German Product Liability Code or (ii) were caused by gross negligence or intent of SAP or (iii) result from the lack of a quality, for which SAP has accepted a guarantee.10.3	If SAP is liable for gross negligence or intent by employees which are not officers or senior employees of SAP, SAP’s entire liability is limited to such damages and such damage volume, the occurrence of which SAP typically had to expect in accordance with the circumstances known in connection with granting the use of the Software upon conclusion of this Agreement.10.4	In case of the above Subsection 10.2 SAP is not liable for indirect damages, consequential damages or lost profits. SAP and Customer agree that the amount of the typically foreseeable damage does in no event exceed € 50,000.10.5.	Customer is obliged to take reasonable precautions in protecting his data and programs, in particular through makingback-up copies at least at such intervals as recommended by SAP. Notwithstanding the other limitations of this Section 10, SAP shall not be liable for the loss of data and its recovery, in so far as this would have been avoidable through observance of this obligation.10.6.	The exclusion or limitation of claims under this Section 10 includes claims against employees and contractors of SAP.11.	Confidentiality11.1	The confidentiality terms of Your SAP Standard Software Agreement shall apply to this Agreement.11.2	Customer may remove the Software or parts of it from the test site only upon prior written consent of SAP.